We need to add and modify options for room objects in the data, runtime usage, and UI.

Modify the “Tags” panel so it works more like our other tag implementations. Use the Asset Info UI and Animation Tags UI as references for behavior and visual style. For rooms, the user should be able to create tags or add tags from a recommendation list sourced from the tags used by other rooms. These tags describe what the room is. Negative tags are not needed.

Update the map loading steps, layer UI, layer data, and map data so layers can accept room tags in addition to direct room names. During loading, the system should resolve a room tag and create the resolved room. The layer UI for adding rooms must be able to display and add room tags to a layer, in addition to room names.

Another small change is needed in the map loading step: we no longer necessarily have a room named “Spawn.” Remove the room-level “is spawn” bool/check box entirely. The spawn room is now whatever room the user sets as the only room in layer 0. The room does not need to be named “Spawn.”

Layer 0 must always contain exactly one room. When the user creates or loads a fresh map, create the default room named “Spawn” and assign it as the only room in layer 0. The user must still be able to change the spawn room through the layer UI.

we need to create a new map_graph object that clearly outlines the system of trails and rooms for the created map. we should decide if creating and validating the graph and  confirm its mathmatically feasible is better (wich i think it is) before createing the actual rooms and trails. perhapse this would be the step where we resolve tags and such and com u with the structure (which is the map_graph) that has good balance and we confirm fits with the layers settings and such and confirmt we can have propper conections. i think by creating this object that a map before hand will be helpful. for actual map / trail creation logic, we dont need to maintain perfectly circular shape we need to maintain or min spacing and intersection rules and our conections and shape of the map but we can move the placemtn of the rooms such to fix spacing / intersection issues that are still in line with our valid / invald sector log and shift the whole thing cleanly (doesnt have to be oerfect radial circles at all the layer thing is just the general shape for or nodes (rooms) and edges) but the perfect circular placment is not an issue. we can keeo that in mind when creating our map_graph when we are in the ma planing step before the actual room / trail generation so we are mathmatically creating something that will work. make sure the map planning thing hhandles room shilren prooperly. a room can have any number of shildren whichg are rooms the parent room must connetc to where the child room is on the next layer the creation / spacing / intersection logic for the children rooms is the same but i dont see room children being created propperly. make sure that we are doing an effective planning step and creting oyr ma graph before creating the actual map. consider what the best structer for runtime owner ship is. i think the best structure is that we ctreate the game context object and have the game context object own the map_graph which plans then creates the rooms / trails and owns the rooms trails and the rooms trauls own the assets etc (consider if this is a more efficient ownership sructure or what would work best regaurdless the game context object needs to have public accsess to the map_graph so future custom controllers can see the map paths and such) make sure that we dont have wasted or repeated object or wasteful stuff if we can potentially have a mor efficient ownership structure. the map_graph will start with this planing and creations and easy structure stuff and should have some helful functions that we can use in the futuer for rin time path finding but dont go crazy with it. i  think it might be a good idea for the current_room value to be owned managed exclusivly by this new map graph object but decide if thats a good idea or not. figure out ho we can adjust move data around betyween map_graph rooms assets for a clean game structure that will be good moving orward that is expandable logical and clean. this should be ideal for our room and map cretion going forward and lasting help for runtime map paths and such and good logical easy setup. full plan for all of this 